Various notes as I work on this thing. This is highly experimental, though I've been adding a ton of tests to at least test basic working.

-- logging is now spdlogger
-- -P flags on binaries (part of getting rid of ancient portmapper)
-- ripped out ancient portmapper stuff.  No one uses this in modern times
   Well put it this way, no one 'should' use this in modern times.  It
   drives IT people crazy dealing with security and this.
-- removed ldm5 ldm4.  Ancient synchronous fallback stuff noone uses
-- removed experimental ldm7 (I'm not surprised this died, extremely
   difficult to implement with the older technology.  Better luck would be
   to wrap the network layer and try grpc or a modern backend.  Which we've
   designed for.
-- ignoring grib2 and other special addons.  Raw data, baby!
   Though adding them at some point would be fairly simple.
-- rewrote notifyme, feedme, etc. to use a new C++ interface API hiding the
   backend.  Tons of duplicate code still that could probably be cleaned up.

June 16, 2026:
-- ldmd makes .info files and pqact makes .state files.
   The old way wrote to the running directory, but for containers or
   a networked drive this is an issue.  We work like this:

   1. We now use the registry setting to store a prefix for these, and the
   machine hostname is added to the output path:
   RegUtil path: "/state-path", Default is: "var/run" 
   Left it var/run for now but the default would be say "" or "./" to match
   legacy ldm's behavior.  The test scripts assume var/run.

   2.  The hostname is added, so you get this:
     var/run  + hostname +"_"+hash+".info"

   3.  I didn't make them invisible by default ".' We can do that later if it matters
   4.  I'm sharing state-path for .info and .state.  We could add another variable
       if we want/need.

-- Privilage manager.  We made a smart privilege manager that only does the root
    stuff set sticky bit checking, etc. if the server tries to run on a privilaged
    port.  If privilaged it drops permissions on children as necessary for 
    security.  If a non-privilaged port well we always run as the user and don't
    even try to swap around (yay!)

-- IPV6 basic tests working.  Have to use the modern posix wrappers over the older ipv4.
   Have to use the [] system for the ips

-- Dynamic module encapsulation of the legacy sunrpc worker.  We load the network/name by name, allowing other network engines at some point.
